Thank you. Congratulations
The Supreme has fought for the next country for many years
Recovering the territory has countless merits
Ranking Wu Temple
My name is famous from the genealogy
It's not because I betrayed my country
But my name will be listed in the temple
target book
From ancient times to the present
Those who can enter the book of Wenmo Temple will surely live on forever
How is that possible?
Stanley in hand
But the lord is here why
Supreme, this pennant represents the supreme glory of the Great Xia Kingdom
All the supreme relatives and friends
You can enjoy various benefits of Daxia Kingdom